PR for BXMSDOC-7976: Document known and fixed issues for 7.11.1 RHPAM/RHDM patch release. (#3803)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/release-notes/rn-7.11.1-fixed-issues-ref.adoc

[id='rn-7.11.1-fixed-issues-ref']
= Fixed issues in {PRODUCT} 7.11.1

{PRODUCT} 7.11.1 provides increased stability and fixed issues listed in this section.

== {CENTRAL}

* {CENTRAL} stops indexing without logging any exception [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3600[RHPAM-3600]]

> * When you apply the following configuration settings, space creation using {CENTRAL} REST API fails [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3739[RHPAM-3739]]

Author: Done

<property name="org.appformer.concurrent.fs.watch.thread.limit" value="9"/>
----

* In {CENTRAL}, opening of assets takes long time with large commit history results into slow performance in projects [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3557[RHPAM-3557]]
* Data Object editor removes imports when saving [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3544[RHPAM-3544]]
* In the guided decision rules, options fails to display [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-2829[RHPAM-2829]]
* When a field name of the data object is in uppercase, after deploying the project, a part of the field name is changed automatically to lowercase [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1725[RHDM-1725]]
* When you convert a guided decision table into XLS decision table, the BRL columns invoking method calls with `Sring` and `Date` arguments are converted incorrectly [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1696[RHDM-1696]]
* In guided rule editor, the formula content is reloaded incorrectly [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1600[RHDM-1600]]

== {KIE_SERVER}

* The narayana starter version mismatches when you upgrade your Spring Boot to version 2.4.3 [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3749[RHPAM-3749]]

> * The `DroolsKieSessionLookupHandler` parameter repeatedly adds the `PrometheusMetricsDroolsListener` instance to the same ksession instance [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3737[RHPAM-3737]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `DroolsKieSessionLookupHandler` parameter repeatedly adds the `PrometheusMetricsDroolsListener` instance to the same `ksession` instance [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3737[RHPAM-3737]]
```

== DMN designer

* DMN editor removes the edges for duplicate decision nodes on canvas [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1714[RHDM-1714]]
* Connectors appear in a different way in read-only mode [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1667[RHDM-1667]]

ifdef::PAM[]

== {PROCESS_ENGINE_CAP}

* When you try to abort a parent process instance, you receive a locking issue [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3766[RHPAM-3766]]
* You can now operate database to execute functions or SQL queries and store them in the execution results using the `org.jbpm.executor.commands.ExecuteSQLQueryCommand` command [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3728[RHPAM-3728]]

> * The timer instance is removed incorrectly when you receive a process execution error [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3639[RHPAM-3639]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The timer instance is removed incorrectly in a received process execution error  [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3639[RHPAM-3639]]
```

> * The dynamic boundary signal fails to trigger without a process instance id [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3603[RHPAM-3603]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The dynamic boundary signal fails to trigger without a process instance ID [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3603[RHPAM-3603]]
```

* In multi-node setup, task deadline timers are not removed and fired repeatedly [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3574[RHPAM-3574]]

> * When the EJB timers services fails during the loading timer from database, you receive a `NullPointerException` error [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3404[RHPAM-3404]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the EJB timers services fail during the loading timer from the database, you receive a `NullPointerException` error [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3404[RHPAM-3404]]
```

== Process Designer

> * You can navigate from the parent process instance to the child process instance using process diagram [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3655[RHPAM-3655]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can navigate from a parent process instance to a child process instance using process diagram [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3655[RHPAM-3655]]
```

* A process instance *Diagram* tab does not display the instance count badges when you are navigating between a parent or child process [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3634[RHPAM-3634]]

endif::[]

== {KOGITO}

> * From given asset, wrong archetype is used to generate project [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3654[RHPAM-3654]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* From given asset,  an incorrect archetype is used to generate a project [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHPAM-3654[RHPAM-3654]]
```

== Decision engine

> * In an executable model, when you set a `BigDecimal` variable to a `String` type value, you receive a compilation error [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1730[RHDM-1730]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When you set a `BigDecimal` variable to a `String` type value in an executable model, you receive a compilation error [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1730[RHDM-1730]]
```

> * When you add a rule descriptor to a `CompositePackageDescr`, projects takes several hours to build and fails to complete the compilation [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1738[RHDM-1738]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When you add a rule descriptor to a `CompositePackageDescr`, projects take several hours to build and fail to complete the compilation [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1738[RHDM-1738]]
```

> * When the constraints are on the same value but are lexicographically different, you receive a range index issue [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1722[RHDM-1722]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You receive a range index issue when the constraints are on the same value but are lexicographically different [https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHDM-1722[RHDM-1722]]
```
